More reliable open with notification detection (#317)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.mobile.notifications: com.unity.mobile.notifications/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this package will be documented in this file.

## [Unreleased]

> - [iOS] New, more reliable APIs (QueryLastRespondedNotification) for querying if app was opened by tapping notification.

Author: Sounds like this changes a meaning a bit. If you launch app normally, there is no notification to retrieve, you can only retrieve it if app was launched by tapping the notification.

> - [iOS] New, more reliable APIs (QueryLastRespondedNotification) for querying if app was opened by tapping notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [iOS] Added a new API (QueryLastRespondedNotification) for retrieving notification details when an application is launched by tapping the notification.
```
